dm: update DM config to integrate with lightning (#12272)
pingcap/docs: dm/dm-precheck.md

#### Check items for physical import

If you set `import-mode: "physical"` in the task configuration, the following check items are added to ensure that [Physical Import](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md) runs normally. After following the prompts, if you find it difficult to meet the requirements of these check items, you can try to use the [logical import mode](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-logical-import-mode.md) to import data.

* Empty Regions in the downstream database

    - If the number of empty Regions is greater than `max(1000, 3 * the number of tables)` (the larger of "1000" and "3 times the number of tables"), the precheck returns a warning. You can adjust related PD parameters to speed up the merging of empty Regions and wait for the number of empty Regions to decrease. See [PD Scheduling Best Practices - Slow Region Merge](/best-practices/pd-scheduling-best-practices.md#region-merge-is-slow).

* Region distribution in the downstream database

>     - Checks the number of Regions in different TiKV nodes. If the node with the least number of Regions has a number of Regions that is 75% of the node with the most number of Regions, the precheck returns a warning. You can adjust related PD parameters to speed up the scheduling of Regions and wait for the number of Regions to change. See [PD Scheduling Best Practices - Leader/Region distribution is not balanced](/best-practices/pd-scheduling-best-practices.md#leadersregions-are-not-evenly-distributed).

Reviewer: > If the node with the least number of Regions has a number of Regions that is 75% of the node with the most number of Regions

hard to read 😂 can we change the subject to number (of regions on node) and refine it?

Reviewer 2: Aggree. It's a bit hard to read. Can we state the meaning in this way? 
 (I am not sure whether it's correct) https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/12296/files#r1095384413
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41534398/216524214-e44c5c89-a169-4892-a7af-719f4656f5fa.png)

>     - Checks the number of Regions in different TiKV nodes. If the node with the least number of Regions has a number of Regions that is 75% of the node with the most number of Regions, the precheck returns a warning. You can adjust related PD parameters to speed up the scheduling of Regions and wait for the number of Regions to change. See [PD Scheduling Best Practices - Leader/Region distribution is not balanced](/best-practices/pd-scheduling-best-practices.md#leadersregions-are-not-evenly-distributed).

Author: Thanks... It is indeed bad English. How about this? 

```suggestion
    - Checks the number of Regions on different TiKV nodes. If the number of Regions on one node is less than 75% of the number of Regions on any other node, the precheck returns a warning. You can adjust related PD parameters to speed up the scheduling of Regions and wait for the number of Regions to change. See [PD Scheduling Best Practices - Leader/Region distribution is not balanced](/best-practices/pd-scheduling-best-practices.md#leadersregions-are-not-evenly-distributed).
```

> * The version of TiDB, PD, and TiKV in the downstream database

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The versions of TiDB, PD, and TiKV in the downstream database
```

>     - Physical import must call the interfaces of TiDB, PD, and TiKV. If the version is not compatible, the precheck returns an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Physical import must call the interfaces of TiDB, PD, and TiKV. If the versions are not compatible, the precheck returns an error.
```

* The free space of the downstream database

>     - Estimates the sum of the sizes of all tables in the allow list in the upstream database (`source_size`). If the free space of the downstream database is less than `source_size`, the precheck returns an error. If the free space of the downstream database is less than the number of TiKV replicas \* `source_size` \* 2, the precheck returns a warning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Estimates the total sizes of all tables in the allow list in the upstream database (`source_size`). If the free space of the downstream database is less than `source_size`, the precheck returns an error. If the free space of the downstream database is less than the number of TiKV replicas \* `source_size` \* 2, the precheck returns a warning.
```

* Whether the downstream database is running tasks that are incompatible with physical import

>     - Currently, physical import is incompatible with [TiCDC](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md) and [PITR](/br/br-pitr-guide.md) tasks. If these tasks are running in the downstream database, the precheck returns an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Currently, physical import is incompatible with [TiCDC](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md) and [PiTR](/br/br-pitr-guide.md) tasks. If these tasks are running in the downstream database, the precheck returns an error.
```

maybe it's "Point in TIme Recovery"

Author: Actually, this has been discussed a lot. 😂 
We used "PiTR" in the first place but later switched to "PITR", as it is consistent with [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Point-in-time_recovery) and [AWS documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/cn/dynamodb/pitr/).

| `table_schema`          | Checks the compatibility of the table schemas in the upstream MySQL tables. |
| `schema_of_shard_tables`| Checks the consistency of the table schemas in the upstream MySQL multi-instance shards. |
| `auto_increment_ID`     | Checks whether the auto-increment primary key conflicts in the upstream MySQL multi-instance shards. |
| `empty_region` | Checks the number of empty Regions in the downstream database for physical import. |
| `region_distribution` | Checks the distribution of Regions in the downstream database for physical import. |

> | `downstream_version` | Checks the version of TiDB, PD, and TiKV in the downstream database. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `downstream_version` | Checks the versions of TiDB, PD, and TiKV in the downstream database. |
```
